[Autogenerated] now that we have an understanding
of AWS Elastic search offering, Let's move on to Amazon quicksight.
Now Quick Sight isn't Business analytics service that works with our data.
And by leveraging our data, it allows us to build visualizations we can,
perform ad hoc analysis of the data sets and,
in the end,
we can get business insights to see where we can improve and what
we're doing well on what's cool about it is it can automatically
discover a W S data sources if you want it to.
Or you can configure your own that push data to quicksight for the
analysis capabilities now to accomplish its work efficiently.
It uses spice and spice allows for a responsive
performance in massive scaling abilities.
And for those who are not familiar with spice Spices just as in memory engine
for storing data so you can see the acronym at the bottom.
It stands for superfast parallel in memory calculation engine.
So since stuff is stored in memory,
it allows the underlying compute to pull it out quicker and
perform some type of data analytic that we want.
Now let's in here and move into the AWS console, and we'll start looking at enabling and then configuring Amazon quicksight